GraphQL Docs for Parse Server 3.10.0 (#688)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/graphql/graphql.md

# GraphQL

> Before continuing, it is important to visit some of the **GraphQL** documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before continuing, it is recommended to study some of the GraphQL documentation:
```

> A **GraphQL** API contains 3 main concepts: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A GraphQL API contains 3 main concepts: 
```

> A **GraphQL** api contain 3 main concepts: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **GraphQL** API contains 3 main concepts: 
```

> * `Query`: Allow to fetch data

Reviewer 2: Get data

Reviewer: Done - but I went for "Fetch data"

> * `Mutation`: Create/Modify data

Reviewer 2: Create or update data

Reviewer: Done.

> * `Subscription`: Listen data changes

Reviewer 2: Listen for data changes

Reviewer: Done.

## Learn Query & Mutation

> To learn how to query data and execute operation on a **GraphQL** API, just follow this link: [Learn Query & Mutation](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to query data and execute operation on a GraphQL API, just follow this link: [Learn Query & Mutation](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/).
```

> To learn how to query data and execute operation on a **GraphQL** API, just follow this link: [Learn Query & Mutation](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to query data and execute operation on a **GraphQL** API, [consult the official documentation](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/)
```

Author: Strange, i can't commit suggestion...

Reviewer: Done.
